From cisa.gov/presidentscup,
click to visit the registration site.
Choose which competition
you want to compete in.
Click the blue login button.
Accept the notice
and click register for an account.
If you already have an account
from a previous year,
use the same email and password
or reset your password. Enter
the email verification code you receive.
This directs you to the game site.
Click to update your profile before
you enroll in a game. Under profile
you can request a custom display name
and select your sponsoring organization.
Click home in the card
for the track
you would like to enroll in.
You may have to refresh your browser
for the game to pick up
your new profile setting.
Enroll and confirm your enrollment.
Team managers,
the first person to join a team,
can change the team's name
and generate codes
for other members to redeem.
If you are joining an existing team,
redeem the invite code
that your manager sent you.
If you want to enroll
in other tracks, teams or individuals,
you can do so from the homepage.
Just click the appropriate
card and enroll.
You can unenroll at
any time before you or your team
starts a game session.
Visit the Identity server to configure
two factor authentication
if you don't always have
access to your email.
Go to presidentscup.cisa.gov/id.
Select profile.
Configure two factor authentication.
Then follow the on-screen instructions.